bSI-551 Finalising georeferencing documentation (#666)
buildingSMART/IFC4.3.x-development: docs/schemas/resource/IfcRepresentationResource/Entities/IfcMapConversionScaled.md

An _IfcMapConversionScaled_ is a type of _IfcMapConversion_ that along with an EPSG code supplies factors for coordinate conversion. The usage is restricted to when factors are explicitly exchanged. 

> NOTE  Typically, these are relatively smaller facilities such as buildings where constant factors are agreed on a project.

For this transformation, _IfcMapConversionScaled_ data are used for:
1. a scaling of the three axes (x,y,z), by the same _IfcMapConversionScaled.Scale_
2. a multiplication of the x-axis by _IfcMapConversionScaled.FactorX_
3. a multiplication of the y-axis by _IfcMapConversionScaled.FactorY_
4. a multiplication of the z-axis by _IfcMapConversionScaled.FactorZ_
5. followed by an **anti-clockwise** rotation about the z-axis of $\theta$, where: 

$$
\theta=arctan\left(\frac{IfcMapConversionScaled.XAxisOrdinate}{IfcMapConversionScaled.XAxisAbscissa}\right)
$$

6. and then a translation in (x,y,z) of _IfcMapConversionScaled.Eastings_, _IfcMapConversionScaled.Northings_, _IfcMapConversionScaled.OrthogonalHeight_.

> EXAMPLE  A 2D Helmert transformation, which has the extra restrictions:
>
> * IfcMapConversionScaled.FactorX = IfcMapConversionScaled.FactorY

> > * ...

Author: example removed

# IfcMapConversionScaled

An _IfcMapConversionScaled_ is a type of _IfcMapConversion_ that supplies factors for coordinate conversion. The usage is restricted to when factors are explicitly exchanged. 

> NOTE  Typically, these are relatively smaller facilities such as buildings where constant factors are agreed on a project.

For this transformation, _IfcMapConversionScaled_ data are used for:
1. a scaling of the three axes (x,y,z), by the same _IfcMapConversionScaled.Scale_
2. a multiplication of the x-axis by _IfcMapConversionScaled.FactorX_
3. a multiplication of the y-axis by _IfcMapConversionScaled.FactorY_
4. a multiplication of the z-axis by _IfcMapConversionScaled.FactorZ_
5. followed by an **anti-clockwise** rotation about the z-axis of $\theta$, where: 

$$
\theta=arctan\left(\frac{IfcMapConversionScaled.XAxisOrdinate}{IfcMapConversionScaled.XAxisAbscissa}\right)
$$

6. and then a translation in (x,y,z) of _IfcMapConversionScaled.Eastings_, _IfcMapConversionScaled.Northings_, _IfcMapConversionScaled.OrthogonalHeight_.

> HISTORY New entity in IFC4X3_ADD1

**Equations**

> Below are the relevant equations for _IfcMapConversionScaled_. The equations are given: a) in full expanded matrix form, useful for programmers to understand the exact sequence of operations, and to easily adapt to instead of multiply a standard CG (Computer Graphics) 4x4 matrix; b) in the simplified equation form, which is sufficient for calculating a single point.

Author: @Moult can you check English here? I'm not sure I've interpreted your point a) correctly. Thanks

Reviewer: ```
Below are the relevant equations for _IfcMapConversionScaled_. The equations are given: a) in transformation matrix form, useful for programmers to understand the exact sequence of operations and b) in a simplified equation form, which is sufficient for calculating a single point.
```

> Below are the relevant equations for _IfcMapConversionScaled_. The equations are given: a) in full expanded matrix form, useful for programmers to understand the exact sequence of operations, and to easily adapt to instead of multiply a standard CG (Computer Graphics) 4x4 matrix; b) in the simplified equation form, which is sufficient for calculating a single point.

Author: ```suggestion
Below are the relevant equations for _IfcMapConversionScaled_. The equations are given: a) in transformation matrix form, useful for programmers to understand the exact sequence of operations and b) in a simplified equation form, which is sufficient for calculating a single point.
```

> a) matrix form

Author: @aothms can you check the md rendering of the formulas? They render correctly in my md viewer, but apparently they don't here
